I was in Germany for three years. When I was in the fifth grade. I remember
being with my father's mother, my grandmother and he was in the
Army. I heard that this guy, you know, was in Kaiserslautern, and
he was coming to pick us up. Me and my brother and I remember him walking
in tow, my classroom in fifth grade and just me being so proud.
And maybe everyone had known. I I told him that he was gonna come
and he came and picked me up. And I felt, um, exceptional. At that time,
I went over to Germany and being with him on the American base
was those were some of the best years of my life. I I still think about
them constantly, even even today, Um, everyone had, uh, good things
and nice food, and we were standing in apartment. But it's a good
place for me, you know? Like, I think I had my own room at one time,
you know? And that had never happened before. Before that I was always
sleep in the same bed is my brother. Um, yeah. Everything was
clean and pristine. He had a Corvette outside um, So I did that for
two years, from the middle of fifth grade to the middle of seventh grade,
and then he got out of the military and he start working for I
think IBM or something for Germany were living with his girlfriend.
So then we started staying in, um, in in her house with her daughter,
and that was a nice little house. And I started going to a German
school. We spoke German and on almost no one spoke English. So I had
to, like, really, uh, commit myself to the community. And I did that
for a year. So I left after my eighth and a half year, and it came
back to the States.